docs(sdk): update java client replacement versions (#5049)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/java-client/index.md

---

:::info

> Starting with 8.8, the Zeebe Java client will become the new Camunda Java client. This transition brings a new Java client structure designed to enhance the user experience and introduce new features while maintaining compatibility with existing codebases.

Reviewer: @houssain-barouni, these are the 8.8 docs for the Java client. Shouldn't we completely adjust them to showcase the Camunda Client?

Reviewer: Sorry for the spam. I think the PR was not up-to-date yet when I looked at this It's all updated.

> Starting with 8.8, the Zeebe Java client will become the new Camunda Java client. This transition brings a new Java client structure designed to enhance the user experience and introduce new features while maintaining compatibility with existing codebases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with 8.8, the Camunda Java client replaces the Zeebe Java client. This transition brings a new Java client structure designed to enhance the user experience and introduce new features while maintaining compatibility with existing codebases.
```

> For more information, visit [announcements](../../reference/announcements.md#zeebe-java-client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, visit [announcements](../../reference/announcements/announcements-880/#camunda-java-client-and-camunda-spring-sdk).
```
